README.md, before:

THIS BRANCH IS IN DEVELOPMENT, DO NOT USE


# Reporting Dashboard Plugin

This plugin provides you with a Reporting Dashboard block which can be added to courses and used to create reports, in conjunction with the Grade Tracker and ELBP blocks.

Features
------------
- Capability-driven
- SQL Reporting
- Reporting Wizard - Build custom reports from pre-defined Grade Tracker and ELBP elements
- Run reports In-Browser and Export to Excel
- Report Scheduling - Schedule reports to run at specific times and email the results to users

Requirements
------------
- PHP 5.6 or higher
- Moodle 3.1, 3.2 or 3.3

Installation
------------
- Download the zip file, using the green "Clone or download" button
- Extract the files
- Rename the folder inside "moodle-block_bc_dashboard-master" to just "bc_dashboard" to remove the github branch name.
- Place the "bc_dashboard" folder inside the /blocks directory of your Moodle site and run through the normal plugin installation procedure, then you can add the block to a course page.

Licence
------------
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html

Commit message:

Finalising master codebase for launch.

README.md, after:

# Reporting Dashboard Plugin

[![Open Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/cwarwicker/moodle-block_bc_dashboard)](https://github.com/cwarwicker/moodle-block_bc_dashboard/issues)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

![Moodle 3.4 supported](https://img.shields.io/badge/Moodle-3.4-brightgreen)
![Moodle 3.5 supported](https://img.shields.io/badge/Moodle-3.5-brightgreen)
![Moodle 3.6 supported](https://img.shields.io/badge/Moodle-3.6-brightgreen)
![Moodle 3.7 supported](https://img.shields.io/badge/Moodle-3.7-brightgreen)

This plugin provides you with a Reporting Dashboard block which can be used to create reports, in conjunction with the [Grade Tracker](https://www.github.com/cwarwicker/moodle-block_gradetracker) and [ELBP](https://www.github.com/cwarwicker/moodle-block_elbp) blocks.


Features
------------
- Capability-driven
- Reporting Wizard - Build custom reports from pre-defined Grade Tracker and ELBP elements
- SQL Reporting - Build your own reports from SQL queries
- Run reports In-Browser and Export to Excel
- Report Scheduling - Schedule reports to run at specific times and email the results to users


Requirements
------------
- Moodle 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7

Installation
------------
1. Download the latest version of the plugin from the [Releases](https://github.com/cwarwicker/moodle-block_bc_dashboard/releases) page.
2. Extract the directory from the zip file and rename it to 'bc_dashboard' if it is not already named as such.
3. Place the 'bc_dashboard' folder into your Moodle site's */blocks/* directory.
4. Run the Moodle upgrade process either through the web interface or command line.
5. Add the block to a page and start using it

License
-------
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0

Support
-------
If you need any help using the block, or wish to report a bug or feature request, please use the issue tracking system: https://github.com/cwarwicker/moodle-block_bc_dashboard/issues

If you want to help out with the development, feel free to submit commits for review.
